## PSO PayScale

**Link to Deployed Site:** [PSO PayScale](https://psopayscale.herokuapp.com/)

PSO PayScale is a website to crowdsource day rates for protected species observers so that they can view average rates by 
location and job title in order to negotiate fair pay.

Although this is a very niche demographic (Protected Species Observers and Passive Acoustic Monitoring Operators), 
there is a very real need for this type of tool in the offshore protected species monitoring industry.  This is my way of 
giving back to my previous industry.
## User Flow

User's start on a home page where they can choose to sign up if they're a first time user or log-in if they're returning.  

After logging in they're directed to their user's profile where they can upload job history.

To search for average day-rate information they can visit the home tab and use the interactive map or visit the countries 
tab to select from a list.

If using the interactive map, they will click on an area of the map which will redirect them to a regional page.  If the 
area they clicked has only 
one region, it will take them directly to that specific location's page.  If the region has multiple specific locations, 
it will display an average of
all the PSO titles available, and allow users to click on the location name - where they will be able to see dayrates by title.

## Features 

This web app has basic CRUD features.

Looking forward I would love to revisit this project to add the ability to convert currency by country, add a job board, 
and add a news API.

## Data  

This website uses the [TuGo API](https://developer.tugo.com/) for Travel Advisory information.
## Tech:

This application uses Python with Flask for server-side logic.

HTML templates are served with Jinja, with forms generated by Flask WTForms.

Database management is done with PostgreSQL and Flask SQLAlchemy for object-relational mapping.

Front end styling is largely handled by Bootstrap and custom CSS for project-specific styles.

This app is deployed for free on Heroku.

